fix: add kubectl-cnpg as a requirement (#6)
cloudnative-pg/cnpg-playground: README.md

- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)  
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)  
- [Kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/)  

> - [Kubectl CNPG plugin](https://cloudnative-pg.io/documentation/1.24/kubectl-plugin/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [The `cnpg` plugin for `kubectl`](https://cloudnative-pg.io/documentation/current/kubectl-plugin/)
```
